Implement Modals (#428)
Discord-Net-Labs/Discord.Net-Labs: docs/guides/int_framework/intro.md

Alternatively, you can use the [AutocompleteHandlers] to simplify this workflow.

## Modals

> Modal commands fist paremeter must be an implimentation of `IModal`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Modal commands first parameter must be an implementation of `IModal`.
```

> An Modal implimentation would look like:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Modal implementation would look like this:
```
